NARRATOR Our heroes are on their
way to Anistar City
where Ash hopes to win
his seventh Kalos Gym badge.
[screaming]
[grunting]
‐ Is everybody alright?
‐ I'm okay.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Hey, what is this?
[laughing]
Prepare for trouble,
that's what this is.
And make it double,
our team never misses.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
Falling into a pit trap
fits you like a glove.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a top‐down fight.
Meowth, that's right.
♪ Na na na boo boo ♪
♪ We're free but not you ♪
Team Rocket.
Look.
My hair's a mess.
‐ Who cares, Twerp?
‐ We're here for Pikachu.
Give it up, if you know
what's good for you.
Not a chance.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Backatcha, dolt.
This net will keep
unwanted zaps from zapping.
Bunnelby.
Mud Shot, let's go.
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
[screams]
Okay, Pikachu, Thunderbolt now.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
I want more screen time.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'We're blasting off again.'
‐ And stay away.
‐ Yeah.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Huh?
[screaming]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Trip Down Memory Train."
[all screaming]
[all coughing]
I hit my head.
Hey, guys, we all here?
Uh‐huh.
All of us.
[WEARY]
Big booms like that
are a lot of fun.
[DAZED]
What a fall.
It's a long way down here.
PIKACHU
[SHOCKED]
It looks like
an abandoned mine.
[URGENT]
What is it, Pikachu?
Of course, let's follow
these tracks.
‐ Then we can get out.
‐ That's right.
Um, okay.
Let's get out of here.
[RELIEVED]
Hey, Clemont, I think this
happened to us once before.
‐ Yeah, Bonnie, you think so?
‐ Of course.
‐ When we first met Bunnelby.
‐ Oh, right.
Yeah?
So what happened, you guys?
Tell us about it.
[EXCITED]
You sure you really
want to know?
They asked you, so tell them.
‐ Alright then, if you insist.
‐ Awesome.
Let's see, it was after
Clembot threw me
out of the Lumiose Gym.
CLEMONT I was spending all my
time trying to figure out
how I could get back inside.
Ah! What am I going to do?
Oh, so hungry.
I need food.
I can't even think straight.
‐ 'Clemont?'
‐ Huh?
[panting]
Sorry.
This is all I could find
in the house.
Wow. How nice of you.
‐ Ah, huh?
‐ Hey, you.
‐ Stop.
‐ I wanna eat that.
Give it back.
Bunnelby really did that?
I can't imagine Bunnelby
doing that kind of thing now.
[CURIOUS]
Anyway, that's how Bunnelby
and I first met.
[panting]
‐ Where's that Bunnelby?
‐ It's gone.
Huh?
Over there.
Stop.
You won't get away.
‐ Huh, whoa.
‐ Uh‐oh.
[screaming]
[grunts]
Bonnie.
Are you okay?
I think so. Huh?
Clemont?
What's this?
It looks to me
like a subway tunnel.
Ah, I'm scared.
‐ What if a train comes?
‐ We'll be fine.
I'm pretty sure
this subway line
isn't even in use anymore.
That's good.
Bunnelby.
‐ Where'd it go?
‐ Who knows?
Forget it.
Let's just get out.
CLEMONT 'Great, I knew I had
a subway map in here.'
That's it.
Calculating from the point
where we fell
let's head west.
That'll get us out.
Big brother does it again.
Clemont, it's a station.
I know it's scheduled
to be demolished
but the construction
is remarkably well preserved.
BONNIE
'Grab on.'
[grunting]
Up you go.
Oh. Alright.
Now we just need
to go through the exit.
‐ Huh?
[HAPPY]
[EXERTION]
[IMPRESSED]/[HAPPY]
So that's why Bunnelby took it.
‐ Bunnelby's so sweet.
‐ Yeah.
I guess they're all
helping each other out.
That's nice.
Why do you think
they live down here?
CLEMONT 'I'd say it keeps them
out of the rain.'
'And they can stay warm'
'no matter what
it's like outside.'
Uh‐huh?
See, for city‐dwelling Pokémon
finding a secure
and cozy place to live
is the most
important thing.
So for Bunnelby
and the rest of them
this is like their home.
DIGGERSBY
[PROUD]
[SHOCKED]
[HAPPY]
[ANGRY]
[ANNOYED]
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]/[[PANICKED]
Hey. What's going on?
I think that Diggersby's
trying to kick everyone out
and take the train for its own.
Hey, that's not nice.
You've got to help them, please?
But how?
[HAPPY]
[ANGRY]
[PROUD]
[DETERMINED]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
‐ No.
‐ That Diggersby's too strong.
[DETERMINED]
[DETERMINED]/[ATTACK]
Huh?
[DETERMINED]/[CONFUSED]
[CONFUSED]/[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[DISTRESSED]
[EXERTION]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Please, Clemont.
‐ You've got to help.
‐ But how?
My Pokémon are at the Gym.
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
Go Aipom Arm.
[chuckling]
That's my big brother.
You're alright now.
[GRATEFUL]
[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
[ATTACK]
[PANICKED]
[panting]
Everybody retreat.
Horrible.
So, what happened next?
[CURIOUS]
[EMBARRASSED]
Relax.
Just tell them.
[ENCOURAGING]
[laughing]
After that, Bonnie said..
SKITTY/DELCATTY
[WORRIED]
Hey, Clemont?
‐ Bunnelby needs first aid.
‐ I know.
But my area of expertise
is Electric types.
‐ You can do anything.
‐ Hmm.
[grunts]
I'll give it a try.
[SUSPICIOUS]
[PROTECTIVE]
Don't be afraid, I'm just
gonna try to help Bunnelby.
See, we're friends
with all of you.
Really.
[AGREEING]
[GRATEFUL]
[CONCERNED]
‐ Mm‐hmm.
[WORRIED]
[WEAK]
There, I'm all done.
[REVIVED/[WEAK]
‐ Not again.
‐ Please don't.
Diggersby's just too strong
for you to fight.
[SHOCKED]/[ANNOYED]
However, that doesn't mean
you can't win.
[SURPRISED]
Believe it or not
my brother is the Lumiose City
Gym Leader.
[SURPRISED]
He knows all
about Pokémon battles.
Now listen to me
when you're up against
someone big like Diggersby
strategic battling is better
than brute force.
You can use Dig or Double Team
to dodge your opponents.
If possible, use your
opponent's power.
[CONFUSED]
Don't get it, huh? Okay.
‐ Then, we'll just act it out.
‐ Act it out?
Now, I'll be Diggersby.
And I'm Bunnelby.
[SURPRISED]
First, I'll use Hammer Arm.
[mock screaming]
And I'll dodge using Dig.
[imitating drilling sound]
Oh, Bunnelby dodged it. Oh!
[groans]
Hmm, like that.
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
Now, what if I do this?
Super Fang, argh.
Use Double Team.
I'll find the real
Bunnelby with Double Kick.
Oh! Hmm.
Alright, you'll use
your long ears to defend.
[FOCUSED]
[TRIUMPHANT]
Yippee.
Your ears should be a good
defense against lots of things.
Huh? Right.
If you use your ears
you'll win for sure.
[HAPPY]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Trubbish.
[APPEARING]
Okay, then what happened?
[CURIOUS]
I did some special
training with Bunnelby
so they could get
their homes back.
And then we went to challenge
Diggersby, right?
[PROUD]
[chuckling]
You can do it, Bunnelby.
[DETERMINED]/[ANGRY]
It's starting with Hammer Arm.
It's just like we trained for.
[HAMMER ARM MOVE]/[DIG MOVE]
Way to go.
[CONFUSED]/[ATTACK]
That was a great combination.
[ATTACK]
[DIG MOVE]
[ATTACKING]
[CONFIDENT]
CLEMONT 'All of our special
training is working.'
[CHEERING]
[DETERMINED]/[ATTACKING]
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[ATTACKING]/[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[EXERTION]/[PAINED]
‐ Alright.
[ANGRY]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]
Yippee, yippee.
Look at the way
Bunnelby blocked.
[EXERTION]/[PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
[GUILT‐RIDDEN]
[SAD]
[CARING]
Bunnelby wants to make up.
[ANNOYED]/[SHOCKED]
[SHOCKED]
[WORRIED]/[SCARED]
[DISAPPOINTED]
Hey, you did the best
you could, Bunnelby.
You offered to make peace.
You tried.
[AGREEMENT]
Make peace..
You know what?
BONNIE 'You and Bunnelby
are a really good team.'
Huh?
[chuckles]
[AMUSED]
[rumbling]
[screaming]
‐ What was that?
‐ Ugh, oh no.
They've started
demolishing the station.
[screaming]
We're in danger down here.
Everyone, run.
[SAD]
Of course.
None of you want to
leave here, do you?
But why?
Because
this is their home.
[SAD]
I know, how about
we move their train
to a safe place...there.
I know the perfect location.
You do?
Alright.
Let's get this train moving
and find you a new home.
Think you can do that?
Yeah, the future is now,
thanks to science.
CLEMONT
'Clemontic Gear, on.'
I thought that we'd
encounter a situation
precisely like this one.
I call this my
"Running Generator".
It generates electricity
as you run
on top of
the conveyor belt.
But how's that gonna help?
It lets us get
the train moving.
First off,
I connect the cord.
[screams]
Look.
In the middle of the track.
Now what?
Even with enough power
we can't get
past that rock.
[SAD]
[gasps]
[EXERTION]
‐ Diggersby.
‐ That was so nice.
[GRACIOUS]
[SCARED]
Clemont, do you think maybe
Diggersby wants to come along
with everybody else?
Mm‐hmm.
BUNNELBY
[ENTHUSED]
[SURPRISED]
[GRATEFUL]
[GRACIOUS]
[FRIENDLY]
Oh, wow, this time
they really did make up.
[rumbling]
Ah.
‐ 'Oh no, we've gotta hurry.'
‐ Everyone.
We're going to need your help.
I'll drive the train.
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
‐ Now, let's get out of here.
‐ All set.
[DETERMINED]
[rumbling]
[panting]
[laughing]
We're on.
[EXERTION]
Full power. Now.
[engine revving]
It worked.
Way to go. We're moving.
Let's see, it looks like
we need to bear
right at the next junction.
But where's the switch?
CLEMONT
'Oh no, it's pointed left.'
What'll we do?
[FOCUSED]
Bunnelby.
[EXERTION]
[rail track creaking]
Bunnelby,
you switched the tracks.
Thanks a lot.
[HAPPY]
[panting]
Are we there yet, Clemont?
I'm so tired.
Just a little bit more.
Keep going. Huh?
Hey, look.
I can see the exit.
[laughs]
Yay.
[laughing]
[brakes screeching]
CLEMONT
'We made it.'
[EXCITED]
[birds chirping]
There are no plans
to reopen this
or do any further
construction.
You've got the train you love
and plenty to eat
growing all around you
so you certainly
won't go hungry.
It's really a great place.
[HAPPY]
[chuckling]
[CONFUSED]
Hey, maybe it's time to go back.
Huh? You're right.
Okay. We're going now.
[SAD]
Stay safe, everybody.
[FRIENDLY]
Okay, bye‐bye.
[SAD]
[CONCERNED]/[SURPRISED]
[CARING]
[HESITANT]
[ENCOURAGING]
[PROTECTIVE]/[SURPRISED]
[PLEASED]
[CONFIDENT]
[AGREEING]
[ENCOURAGING]
[HAPPY]
[TOUCHED]
[SAD]
[CONFIDENT]
[DETERMINED]
[HAPPY]
They looked really happy,
didn't they?
Mm‐hmm.
BUNNELBY
[CALLING]
‐ Ugh, huh?
‐ Huh?
It's Bunnelby.
What is it?
[PLEADING]
‐ Hey, what do you mean?
‐ That's right.
Bunnelby wants to come
along with you real badly.
[WORRIED]
Wow, Bunnelby
will you really
come back with me?
[PLEASED]
There you have it.
That's how Bunnelby
and I became
the team we are now.
[PROUD]
What a great story.
So does that mean Bunnelby's
the first Pokémon
you've had who isn't
an Electric type?
[EXCITED]
It sure is.
And thanks to Bunnelby's help
I was able to take
my Gym back from Clembot.
Yeah, you sure did.
[PROUD]
[gasps]
BONNIE
'It's a dead end.'
Oh, alright.
Bunnelby, use Dig.
[DETERMINED]
[DIG MOVE]
[rumbling]
Oh..
[groaning]
[EXCITED]
We're finally out.
Fresh air.
[HAPPY]
You didn't tell them
the rest of the story, you know.
I think they've heard enough.
‐ What, what?
‐ Come on, tell us.
[EXCITED]/[EMBARRASSED]
[giggling]
Well, you see..
Here goes.
[grunts]
Come out, Bunnelby.
[HAPPY]
After we parted ways,
I was so glad you came back.
You've made me so happy.
[sobbing]
I'll never be able
to thank you enough, Bunnelby.
We'll be together
forever and ever.
[sobbing]
That's the real ending.
None of that's the truth.
There wasn't any crying at all.
‐ Bonnie's exaggerating.
‐ Okay.
Hey, Clemont, nothing
wrong with crying.
[HAPPY
That's right.
Oh, then you were crying.
Umm‐hmm, uh? Huh?
[PROUD]
[chuckling]
Bunnelby, you're
simply the best.
[TOUCHED]
NARRATOR A heartwarming tale
of times past
led Clemont and Bunnelby
to reaffirm
their bonds of friendship.
Now, with all their friendships
stronger than ever
our heroes' journey
to Anistar City continues..